CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Cp-Cli Code of Conduct

Like the technical community as a whole, the CP-Cli team and community is made up of a mixture of professionals and volunteers from all over the world, working on every aspect of the mission - including mentorship, teaching, and connecting people.

Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to communication issues and unhappiness. To that end, we have a few ground rules that we ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to founders, mentors and those seeking help and guidance.

This isn’t an exhaustive list of things that you can’t do. Rather, take it in the spirit in which it’s intended - a guide to make it easier to enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we participate.

This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by the Cp-Cli project or CompProgTools. This includes IRC, the mailing lists, the issue tracker, DSF events, and any other forums created by the project team which the community uses for communication. In addition, violations of this code outside these spaces may affect a person's ability to participate within them.

If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct, we ask that you report it by emailing [ksukshavasi@gmail.com](mailto:ksukshavasi@gmail.com). For more details please see our 

- **Be friendly and patient.**
- **Be welcoming.** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, colour, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
- **Be considerate.** Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions. Remember that we're a world-wide community, so you might not be communicating in someone else's primary language.
- **Be respectful.** Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It’s important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of the Cp-Cli community should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with people outside the Cp-Cli community.
- 
Original text courtesy of the [Speak Up! project](http://web.archive.org/web/20141109123859/http://speakup.io/coc.html).

## Questions?

If you have questions, please see . If that doesn't answer your questions, feel free to [contact us](mailto:ksukshavasi@gmail.com).

Commit message:

feat: added updated docs for kruskal

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Kruskal Code of Conduct

Like the technical community as a whole, the Kruskal team and community is made up of a mixture of professionals and volunteers from all over the world, working on every aspect of the mission - including mentorship, teaching, and connecting people.

Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to communication issues and unhappiness. To that end, we have a few ground rules that we ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to founders, mentors and those seeking help and guidance.

This isn’t an exhaustive list of things that you can’t do. Rather, take it in the spirit in which it’s intended - a guide to make it easier to enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we participate.

This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by the Kruskal project or CompProgTools. This includes IRC, the mailing lists, the issue tracker, DSF events, and any other forums created by the project team which the community uses for communication. In addition, violations of this code outside these spaces may affect a person's ability to participate within them.

If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct, we ask that you report it by emailing [ksukshavasi@gmail.com](mailto:ksukshavasi@gmail.com). For more details please see our 

- **Be friendly and patient.**
- **Be welcoming.** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, colour, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
- **Be considerate.** Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions. Remember that we're a world-wide community, so you might not be communicating in someone else's primary language.
- **Be respectful.** Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It’s important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of the Kruskal community should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with people outside the Kruskal community.
- 
Original text courtesy of the [Speak Up! project](http://web.archive.org/web/20141109123859/http://speakup.io/coc.html).

## Questions?

If you have questions, please see . If that doesn't answer your questions, feel free to [contact us](mailto:ksukshavasi@gmail.com).
